Create code-samples-links.md (#1494)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/code-samples-links.md

---
description: Links to WebView2 sample code hosted on GitHub 
title: WebView2 sample code
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.date: 10/10/2021
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.technology: webview
keywords: IWebView2, IWebView2WebView, webview2, webview, source code, sample code, samples, code samples, WebView sample code, WebView2 sample code
---

> # WebView2 sample code

Reviewer: Global: Try h3s instead of verbose bullet list.  To make skimmable (as written in MWSG).

Author: done

* The Microsoft Visual Studio solution file [WebView2Samples.sln](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/blob/master/SampleApps/WebView2Samples.sln) is a collection that uses the following samples.

    * The Win32 C++ sample includes the code in the [WebView2APISample](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/tree/master/SampleApps/WebView2APISample) and [WebView2SampleWinComp](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/tree/master/SampleApps/WebView2SampleWinComp) folders.

    * The .NET Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) Sample is in the [WebView2WpfBrowser](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/tree/master/SampleApps/WebView2WpfBrowser) folder. The .NET Windows Forms Sample is in the [WebView2WindowsFormsBrowser](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/tree/master/SampleApps/WebView2WindowsFormsBrowser) folder.

    * UWP / WinUI samples  are available from the [WinUI Controls Gallery](https://github.com/microsoft/Xaml-Controls-Gallery/tree/winui3preview).

* To learn about deploying [Evergreen WebView2 Runtime](concepts/distribution.md) with your applications, use the following samples.

>     * [WV2DeploymentWiXCustomActionSample]() creates a [WiX](https://wixtoolset.org/) installer for [WebView2APISample](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/blob/master/SampleApps/WebView2APISample/README.md) and uses [WiX Custom Action](https://wixtoolset.org/documentation/manual/v3/wixdev/extensions/authoring_custom_actions.html) to chain-install the Evergreen WebView2 Runtime.

Author: fixed

---
description: Links to WebView2 sample code hosted on GitHub.
title: WebView2 sample code
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.date: 10/18/2021
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.technology: webview
keywords: IWebView2, IWebView2WebView, webview2, webview, source code, sample code, samples, code samples, WebView sample code, WebView2 sample code
---
# WebView2 sample code

The following WebView2 samples are available in the Get Started guides for WebView2 and in the [WebView2 Samples repo](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Sample code for Get Started guides

The WebView2 "Get started" guides use starter code for Win32, Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), WinForms, and WinUI.

| Task | Article | Code |

> |---|---|---|

Reviewer: In column 1, only put the platform name.  The article title column is already verbose.  This will make skimmable.

| Set up a WebView2 in a WinUI 3 application | [Get started with WebView2 in WinUI 3 (Windows App SDK)](./get-started/winui.md) | Starter code at [WebView2 Samples WinUI Getting Started (github.com)](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/tree/master/GettingStartedGuides/WinUI3_GettingStarted) |
| Create a WebView2 in WinUI 2 application | [Get started with WebView2 in WinUI 2 apps guide](./get-started/winui2.md) | Uses the WinUI 2 NuGet package.  Has no sample code. |

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## WebView2 sample apps

WebView2 sample apps include solutions for Win32, WPF, WinForms, and WinUI.  The Microsoft Visual Studio solution file [WebView2Samples.sln](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/blob/master/SampleApps/WebView2Samples.sln) gathers the following samples.

When you load `WebView2Samples.sln` into Visual Studio, the following projects appear in Solution Explorer, as folders:

> 

Reviewer: @vchapel - Needs clearer descriptions in the Code column cells.  Try copying from each project's readme at the code repo.  eg what is the "WebView2SampleWinComp" sample for, compared to the "WebView2APISample" sample?

| Type of sample | Sample Project | Notes and source code location |
|---|---|---|

> | Win32 C++ | `WebView2APISample` <!-- below, section 1 "Win32 C++ samples" --> | Includes the code in the [WebView2APISample](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/tree/master/SampleApps/WebView2APISample) folder. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Win32 C++ | `WebView2APISample` <!-- below, section 1 "Win32 C++ samples" --> |  Achieves XYZ. This sample code is in the [WebView2APISample](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/tree/master/SampleApps/WebView2APISample) folder. |
```

| Win32 C++ | `WebView2SampleWinComp` <!-- below, section 1 --> | Includes the code in the [WebView2SampleWinComp](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/tree/master/SampleApps/WebView2SampleWinComp) folder. |
| Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) .NET | `WebView2WindowsFormsBrowser` <!-- below, section 2, "Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) .NET samples" --> | Uses code in the [WebView2WpfBrowser](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/tree/master/SampleApps/WebView2WpfBrowser) folder. |

> | Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) .NET | `WebView2WpfBrowser` <!-- below, section 2 --> | The .NET Windows Forms Sample is in the [WebView2WindowsFormsBrowser](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/WebView2Samples/tree/master/SampleApps/WebView2WindowsFormsBrowser) folder. |

Reviewer: correction: swap the right-hand column's cell contents for row 3 & 4, they are reversed.  I'd follow the order shown in Solution Explorer screen capture.
